So congratulations on making it to the end of the day weary section of the complete web developer of
course we've gone from introducing Jay query and showing you why you might want to learn a javascript
framework.
Then we recreated a lot of the JavaScript techniques that we learned in the previous section NJ query
and we saw that they were generally shorter easier to read and easier to extend and improve NJ query.
Then we moved on and we did some fancy animation unfading with Jay Guerrieri which was really easy.
We saw how we could use Jey query and Ajax to build an interactive Web site that didn't require any
page refreshes which is really the most powerful thing that we've learned in this section.
Then we learned about regular expressions and we did some form validation and finally we looked in detail
at.
Jay query why don't come as an example of a query plug in and how we might use the general skills of
looking at documentation and extracting the bits of code that we need to make our websites do what we
want them to quickly and easily.
So that's a query for you.
I hope you like it.
And now I'm going to give you an opportunity to practice what you've learned by building a project which
I call code play.
Now if you remember back to the beginning of the course I talked about how you might want to share the
code that you're writing with others either to get feedback or bug fixes or to just share a good technique.
And one of the web sites I showed you was JSE been dot com which is a great way of doing that.
And this is more or less what we're going to recreate with our code player.
So we're going to build a slightly simplified version of this.
It's going to have all the core functionality that is H M L C Ss and Javascript panels which appear
and disappear as you click on them.
We're going to miss out the console because that just adds unnecessary complexity at this point I think.
And we going to have the output there on the right as well.
So let me show you the final version of what we're going to produce.
And then you can have a go at producing it yourself so you can see the design of my version is pretty
similar to JSE been.
I've simplified it and I've renamed it to code player.
But other than that we've got the core toggle buttons at the top and then the 2 content frames here
as well.
And the caudal toggle buttons of course work really well we can switch off HDMI l switch off CSX and
also Javascript.
So we've got all four happening at once here.
And just like with gaspin as soon as I change anything here
it's updated immediately in the output window over here.
Exactly the same with Stiles
and
Javascript.
There we go.
So that's basically it.
As always there's a couple of things that we haven't seen before but they're pretty minor and you should
be able to google to get the answers.
So have a go at it.
Best of luck.
I hope you managed to come up with something pretty close to this.
But of course as always I'll show you how I solve the problems after the pause.
Good luck.
All right.
Well here we go.
So let's gets our basic framework up here.
There we are.
And then let's clear our file.
Let's start with a look at gyrus been dot come and look at the overall style and out of the page.
We're going to want a bar of the top here with HDMI LCS as JavaScript and output buttons.
And then I'd like to have code player as a little logo on the left there and then below that we want
the rest of the screen to be divided into the four panes.
We're going to toggle on and off with those buttons.
So I'm going to start by creating this top panel here mostly using CSI as we move onto the main area
after that.
All right.
So let's see if I can get that background get grey color first off using my color drop her hair color
picker that we've seen before.
So I want to pick a color from the page and the color is like one the one the one the carpet the wrong
color but I can remember the right.
OK so let's have a div with an ID of let's call it head up or top bar or something like that.
And then within that I want to have my logo on the left
which is just going to be a simple text code play.
But I want that to appear on the left and then I'm going to want a collection of these divs or buttons.
I think I'm going to call them divs and then that'll be easier to style them.
Exactly how I want.
So let's have a div to be our pattern container and then within that we'll have our buttons.
So I'll give it a class of toggle button and the first one is going to be HGL and will need IDs for
each of these as well because we need to do something when each of them are pressed.
So let's have our first one
the class of talk about an idea of HCM.
Second one class of toggle button ID of CSSA
that one
ID of javascript
and the fourth one with an ID of output.
So in terms of content that's all I need for my top job.
So let's see how it looks without any styling.
Hmm not great.
Not to worry though we can fix that easily enough.
So first off let's add our necessary styles.
I'm going to change the body font
T.
Just a simple
Sunseri great and then work our way down.
All right Sam L. elements applying our styles to them so our heads.
Dave we want to have a width of 100 percent a background color.
Oh do you remember what it was.
I think it was one day one day one day.
Let's just have a look now.
It definitely wasn't that
I think we need to pull out the whole with
to get what we need.
There we go.
All.
By the looks of it
OK that's better.
We definitely want to get rid of any padding then so let's add padding is there and margin is zero to
the body that we get.
But I think we can have a bit of padding in the header.
So let's start with the padding of five pixels.
OK that's beginning to look nice and I'm going to leave my logo stylings for the moment because I want
to see how much space I've got once I've styled the buttons.
So let's style my button container next
and the main thing I want to do is center it and give it a certain width.
So let's start with the width of 200 pixels will probably need to increase that a little bit but we'll
see how it goes.
And you'll probably remember a margin of zero or water is what we need to center it.
There we go.
Obviously it doesn't look center there but that's OK because these are just aligned to the left.
So the whole thing goes from about there to about that.
All right.
Now let's apply some styles to our toggle buttons.
The main thing we're going to want them to do is flight left so that they happen one after the other
great.
That reminds me that we'll need to make the logo float left as well.
So that everything is in line and that means we kind of need a height for our Head of
let's go for 20 pixels for the moment.
We'll probably need to increase that a little bit.
OK.
So it's already looking a lot better than what we started with.
The main thing we're going to need next is this nice buttoned styling.
So let's apply that
stuff.
We'll have a border of one.
It's solid gray.
OK.
Not beautiful yet but we'll get that
let's increase our weight.
That's the 300 pixels.
Let's introduce some padding.
Let's try four pixels see how that looks.
OK.
Not bad.
Now you can see that we've got a kind of double border there because we've got the left border and the
right borders together.
And that's one thing that we don't want.
So let's fix that by setting the border right.
To be nutten and that then fixes that problem whilst introducing the problem that we don't have one
on the right but that's ok we can fix that easy enough and we're actually going to need some custom
stylings for HDMI out and output anyway because we want those to have the nice rounded effect.
So let's apply that
we'll add a special style for HCM El
say we want a border
top left radius of let's try four pixels and a border bottom left radius of four pixels as well.
Lovely.
And then similarly for output
the right most of this time we want a border top ranked radius of four pixels.
We want a border bottom right radius of four pixels and we want a border right of one X solid gray beautiful.
Ok I'm pretty happy with that.
I think I want the text there to be a little bit smaller.
So let's try setting the font size to 90 percent.
Yep I like that.
And a little bit more padding
grates.
OK.
You can spend a lot longer styling days as you wish but I think that's good enough now that I've got
these set up.
I can change the width of my container so it's correctly centered.
So let's just experiment a little bit.
Let's reduce it to 200 pixels so that's too small to 30 still too small to 50 is big enough.
So essentially want to make this as small as we can
without doubling up any of our rows
and then it will be correctly centered
game 2 3 3 is what we want.
Great.
So now buttons look good.
Obviously the head bar is not quite as high as I'd like.
We could fix that with a width with height.
I mean so let's experiment with that.
Thirty pixels.
That looks actually pretty bad on Saturday.
So now let's just change
the logo.
To have a fun weight of bold and let's try font size of 120 percent.
See how that looks.
I think that's fine.
We'll then give it a little bit of padding to move it around.
So let's try three pixels at the top.
And
five pixels left and right.
I think that looks pretty good.
Obviously it's not great styling but it does the job.
All right.
So now we're more or less done without hotbar in terms of its layout and stylings.
The next thing I'm going to look at is setting up the J query to apply the necessary effects in terms
of the hovering and whether each item is selected.
So let's set up the hovering Festival.
We're going to do that with a bit of jay query and we want to apply a query to all the toggle buttons.
So we use the dot or period for our class selector and we want to select toggle button and you may remember
the J.A.G. command Hulver which is perfect for what we want here and what we want to do is when the
user hovers over one of these we want to turn the background slightly darker.
So we want to apply it to the one that the user is hovering over and we do that using this as we saw
a few videos ago and we want to set the
background color.
Let's just try grey.
See how that looks.
All right.
That hasn't done anything not to panic.
Let's inspect and see if we've got a problem in our J query somewhere.
Oh yes in fact my Jaker is completely wrong isn't it.
I've forgotten to say that we're defining a function here
and then we need to finish off our function down there.
All right let's try that again.
Ok that's better.
So that works really well.
One problem obviously that we've got here is that we're making the background color gray but then we're
not changing it back to what it was when the hover stops.
That's not something we've seen how to do before.
But it would be surprising if there wasn't something built into the break where we have a function that
could cope with that.
So I'm just going to google Jay query Hulver and let's have a look at the documentation and see if there's
an easy way.
To deal with that Harto it's looking like we've got a handler in and the handler out
so it is perfect for what we need to handle this to the most elements to be executed when the mouse
pointer enters and leaves the elements.
So let's have a look at that example then.
So it looks like all we need to do is add two functions.
The first one will happen on the other hand then the second one will happen when the user stops hovering
so that should be simple enough so there's our first function.
So we want to add the second one right after that
and that's going to be something very similar.
So it's just going to take the CSSA of this.
So that is the element that's been hovering over and set the background color back to a big string of
ears that it was before
OK let's have a look.
March Pedda great.
Finally here we need to have our buttons go blue.
When they are selected and we want to have initially t m l an output selected.
So the way I'm going to deal with that is have a class
known as all that I will call active and we'll apply the active class when the user has selected to
view whichever pattern we're talking about.
So initially we want HDMI and output to be active but the other is not so let's decide as stylings Hoopes
actually all we want is for the background color to be that nice shade of blue.
So I'm going to have problems getting that with my color picker because it's going to I either write
it.
I suspect but I think it's the same as the shade of blue here.
So I'm just going to use that shade of blue.
Let's have a look.
So we want to set the background color of anything with an active class to that really wonderful.
And finally I want to make it so that when the user clicks on one of these it becomes blue or stops
being blue.
If it was already blue.
And I'm actually wondering if there might be a better way to do that.
You'll notice that when we remove our Hulver we lose the blue which makes sense because we've set the
background color back to the string of ears which is light gray so actually would it be better to have
a class for this.
Generally a highlighted class and then toggle that class on the hover.
Let's have a look.
So we'll call it highlighted button and all it is is it's going to have a background color of gray
and then when we hover over we want to add the class
of
highlighted button and then when we stop hiring covering over we want to remove the class
of highlighted
button.
Now add and remove class are not functions that we've seen before but with a little bit of googling
you could get them.
And then the advantage of this is it adds the class.
But then it removes the class so it retains whatever styling it had before.
So that's a better way of doing it than just manually changing the background color.
So does a better job of keeping our styles and our code separate.
So we don't have any hard coded colors in javascript.
Great.
So then we just need to make it so that when the user clicks it adds or removes the active class
it should be pretty straightforward.
When the toggle button is clicked
we want to run a function and this time we want to toggle the base class.
So I'm going to do a quick search for Jay query toggle class because I think there's probably a way
of doing it.
That makes that easy.
Yeah look we've got a toggle class function there.
Let's have a look at example.
So Tobel class looks to me like it's just going to add the class if it's not there and remove it if
it is there.
So that's perfect.
So we want to take the element that's been clicked on and we want to toggle the class of active
and this should add the class of active which will make the background blue.
If it's not there and it will remove it
if it is that
the only slightly odd behavior there is that when we initially click we've still got that background
color of gray.
So we don't see that it's been selected until we remove the mouse pointer.
So to get around that I'm just going to remove the highlighted Button class
whenever the user clicks on it.
So that should give it a quick bit of feedback so if I now play there you can see straight away that
that's selected if I click again you can see straightaway that it's not selected great.
So now we've got our buttons behaving in the way we want to.
Now the real challenge comes.
We need to actually make the main content of the page.
Start off by getting our HDMI and output looking right and working correctly then we'll add in our CSSA
and Javascript.
So I'm going to make the HD TNL a text area and the output a div.
So let's make that happen.
So underneath the head section will have a div
I'll just call it body container.
And the first thing that will have there is a textarea
it will have an ID of each DML textarea
And let's give it a little bit of initial content.
Hello world.
All right there we go.
Very good.
That's next.
Sort out the width and height.
The only text is I have to have the same style.
So we're just going to style it using textarea.
But you can put a clause in there if you prefer.
And we want width of Initially 50 percent and a height of 100 percent.
Let's have a look at that.
Now that looks pretty good but if we scroll down you can see we've actually got a little bit more textarea
than we want.
And that's because it's setting the height of the textarea to the whole height of the page which is
not what we want.
So as always there's a number of ways to fix that.
But as we're in A-J query section let's figure it out with a query.
What we really want is the height of this text area to be equal to the height of the user's page minus
the height at the top here.
So what we don't how to do that is get the page height.
So let's have a quick google.
I'm sure there's a way to do it.
OK so height we're aware of.
A ha looks like that second one is actually what we want.
So window height so string and then window selects the window.
Do we want the window height or the document height.
Then
start looking at those definitions.
We want the window height the height of the user's screen.
OK.
So let's set the
text area height to be equal to A the window height minus
the height of the head.
So that is had a don't write so we're setting the textarea height to be equal to the height of the window
minus the height of the head.
Let's just have a look and we'll just get rid of the CSSA high command so we can see clearly what's
going on.
And you may have noticed I've forgotten my parentheses after height there
OK that still a little bit large.
I suspect that's down to some padding.
So I'm going to subtract
Let's try an extra 10 pixels and see how that looks
extra 15 that looks just about right.
We also don't want this to be resizable.
So let's see if there's an easy way to make textarea well not resizable.
We go again this is something we haven't done before so we'll do a quick google to find out how to do
it how to disable resizable property of textarea.
That looks very promising.
Let's have a look.
Resize isn't
OK.
That should do it.
Let's have a look.
Excellent.
So now no longer resizable wonderful.
So now let's just add in
our output.
I'm actually thinking about it.
I think making it an I-frame will be a lot easier because we want to be able to process code in this
I-frame and that's a lot easier to do in an I-frame than a div.
So let's have an I-frame with an ID of output and just thinking about it there.
I would like to have the same word after each of these.
So after HCM LCS s and Javascript so that it's easy when someone clicks on them to find the corresponding
element down here.
So I think I'm going to change text area there to panel just so that I can use the same word for all
of them when I need to display or hide them later on
OK.
And let's just have a look at that.
It's sort of in the right place but we've got a little bit of work there.
So let's have a panel of class for each of those.
I think the only thing we'll need for all of them is I float left and actually that with being 50 percent
could be in the panel class as well.
Now that makes the I-frame disappear completely.
Or does it.
It's actually gone underneath because it's slightly too wide now and that's because remember the with
being 50 percent a little bit of padding is added on to that.
And similarly with the I-frame So the total with here is slightly more than 100 percent which is why
the I-frame goes below the textarea.
So again a number of ways to fix that but I'm going to do it with a query just like we did down here.
So this time we're going to take our panel class and apply the width.
We're going to change the width of it to the window with
this time we don't want to get rid of a head up but we do want to divide it by two.
And then we want to subtract a certain number from that which will be equal to our padding there.
So that looks a lot better.
Let's just reduce that number as much as we can.
I think that looks fine.
And similarly we can actually change the textarea that 2 panel because we want to change the I-frame
height as well.
So that will then stretch the I-frame all the way down to the bottom.
The I-frame However I don't think we need a border on a two
so let's remove that.
There we go.
And that actually makes you want to remove the border from the AGM at the top that so let's add a border
top none to our text areas and that's now a bit striking as well.
So I'm going to change the border color to Gray
great.
I think that's a bit neater.
Great.
Now we just need to get the HVM to display in our I-frame.
This is something we haven't done before.
So
let's try something like I-frame change DML content.
This is good.
We've changed the U R L before but we haven't changed the contents.
There we go.
So it looks like we can take the I-frame and then just change the contents like that.
That change in the contents of a specific div..
But we're going to change the contents of the whole thing.
So let's just copy that code.
Initially let's just run this command.
When the page lights
I don't want to update a particular Div I want to update the whole HDMI all of the frames on to find
the HD tag and replace it with just for now my Adjt. him El.
There we go.
Great.
So we've changed the code of the I-frame.
And you can see that we've got none of the same styles as for the rest of the page.
Because this is a I-frame within it so it doesn't take on the styles which is actually ideal for what
we want because then the user can use their own styles.
All right.
So it's all very well to make it update when the page loads.
But we also wanted to update when the user updates their content.
And of course we want update it with their content.
Not my age general every time.
So first off let's get the contents of the HMO textarea.
So that's just
HMO panel and then Daut vow to get the value.
So let's just check that works.
Excellent sites now updating there.
What we'd really like is for this to update immediately as we're typing our code.
And for that we need an event to trigger every time the text area was updated.
So again that's something we haven't done before.
So let's see if there's a way to do it.
Jay query if and when text area update something like that.
How can I bind the change event of a textarea NJ query.
Gotta love stack overflow
so that top result looks good but just having a look further down bind is deprecated.
So this looks ideal for us so it selects a text area and then on certain events happening then a function
will take place so that fairly obvious we've got change key up so that's when the user lifts their fingers
of a key or when the user pastes something in.
So this should cover every event of our textarea changing.
So let's add that
code in so we can select all of our text areas even though we've only got one and when that happens
we want this
to update.
Let's have a look.
That's pretty awesome and we could even put some H.T. MLK in here.
And it will apply that immediately.
So this is pretty powerful.
Being able to do something as soon as the user changes the contents of a text area that would work just
as well with an input as well.
Great.
So we're making pretty good progress.
All we've got left to do is to bring in the CSSA and Javascript panels.
So let's add them in
as text areas
so we want I see SS panel and a javascript panel
and we'll have a little bit of demo see s and javascript's to get us started.
So now javascript will just have alerts.
And in our C S
will have some green standard text or paragraph text.
Right.
And initially we want those to be hidden so let's have a hidden class
which will have
a display property of none.
So if we have a look at that they won't display initially but what we want of course is that when we
click see SS have a C S S appears.
So we've already got a function that happens when the button the toggle button is clicked.
So what we want to do is show or hide the respective panel when that button is clicked.
So there's a few things that will need for this.
Well need to get the ID of the panel that we want to show hide and to get that will need the ID of the
button that was clicked.
So to get the idea of the button that was clicked we use this dot ETR for attributes and then Id And
then we're going to want to add the word panel onto the end of that because remember Olga HMO panel
CSSA panel et cetera.
And there's a capital P there.
So to keep our code reasonably readable let's create
a variable called panel ID which is going to be the ID of the panel that we going to show and hide.
And let's just alert it quickly to make sure that we've got the right thing.
Yeah.
That looks good.
OK.
So then we can use the query selector to select hash and then panel ID and we want to toggle the class
and the class we want to toggle is what I call it hidden.
There we go.
So let's have a look if we now click here DML.
You can see the e-mail disappears and then it comes back wonderful.
Incidentally there is actually a query function called Tuggle which just displays or Heights an element.
So that's a little bit neater than Tuggle class in this case because you don't actually need the class
because the command is built into J-20.
Now you might be anticipating a problem we're going to have but if we try and bring in the CSSA panel
then that works great but it doesn't do is change our widths.
Obviously if you've got three panels each of which have a weight to 50 percent that's going to go over
the top with allowed on our page.
So we're going to need to make the panels narrower.
The more we have of them.
Fortunately we have some code to do that.
And that's this command here.
So this changes the panel with the problem is we're going to have to work out how many panels are being
displayed at any one time that we could do that with a variable and then keep track of it an app onto
it and subtract 1 to it each time an item is toggled.
But I think there's a slightly neater way to do it.
And that is if we could find a way in Jey query to count the number of elements with a certain class
that would give us the answer that we needed.
So if we make that class hidden and go back from toggle to so-called class
so it was useful after all and we could count the number that are hidden and subtract that from 4 to
get the number that are active.
So let's see if we can find a way to do that.
Jay equerry count elements with a certain class counting elements by class.
That Let's get and there we go.
Once again we see how easy and obvious Jake is we just use something like that.
So we select the class that we want and then we look for the length of that variable and that will tell
us the number of items.
With that class.
So let's create another variable called number of active panels.
And that's going to be equal to 4 which is our maximum possible take away
the number of inactive panels which is the panels with the hidden class.
And then instead of subtracting by dividing by two we're going to divide by the number of active panels.
So that should divide by two initially and then three if we have three four if we have all four.
Let's take a look.
Excellent.
So now it's dividing it into three panels.
Add in javascript and we get all four fabulous people at that there some quite complicated code there
for free to rewind the video and just watch that but again if it's a little bit unclear.
OK.
We can now see that we've got some slight issues with our borders then.
So I'm just going to change panels to have a left border
of none
It's just have a look great that looks a lot better.
And there's also one issue that you might have imagined that if we get rid of them all then we are dividing
by four takeaway for which is 0 3.
Fortunately this doesn't cause us a major problem because it means the javascript won't do anything
here but we don't need it to resize the width anyway because we've hidden everything.
So actually it doesn't really matter.
And we can just bring them back in in the same way as before.
All right so we're pretty close now.
We need to do is to get our styles and javascript to happen in this I-frame here.
So let's head on down to where we would want that to happen.
So at the moment we're just putting in the contents of the HMO textarea.
So this can be a little bit messy but it'll get the job done.
What I'm going to day is manually put in our two main page to insert our styles and our Javascript.
So I'm going to start with page Jamail and then head.
We don't need a title because we're not displaying that anyway.
But we do need some styles.
So I'm going to have style and then type equals and I'm going to use single quotes because I'm using
double quotes for this whole string and the type is text slash C S
and then I'm going to put in LCS S which is the contents of the C Ss panel that says panel Val and then
I'm going to end my styles.
I'm going to end my head.
I'm going to start my body.
Then I'm going to have my HMO and I'm going to leave the javascript for the moment for reasons that
we'll see in a couple of minutes.
But for now now that I've got my body content I'm going to close the body and close the HDL.
So this should essentially create an inline HVM l page with this content.
So I started with HVM L then head then it should put in all the styles that we've got in our CSSA text
area here.
Then it closed the stiles closes the head starts the body puts the h d m l panel content in and then
closes the body and closes ASTM else it will create a kind of full HD our page with the content and
styling there.
Let's not forget the close parenthesis there.
And now we should find then that the HMO of the contents of our I-frame should be updated to a full
HMO file essentially with h d m l and then a header with the style and then the styles of the CSSA panel
inserted there.
Close the style close the head and start the body then put the HD M-L panel contents in there and then
close the body close the HD m-L.
So just to check that that is happening.
Let's update the HDMI out panel contents to contain a paragraph tag.
Otherwise the styles won't be applied to them again.
And now let's have a look.
So we should now find when we update this as we go.
Now the styles are being applied as well as the content.
Great.
We want LOT of course to happen on page load as well.
So one solution to do that would be to copy our I-frame code and replace the update that we had at the
beginning with that.
But as we've seen we don't like having two chunks of code that are exactly the same.
So what I'm going to do is create a function
called update output
pretty straightforward and that we'll just do the updating and then we can call that both at the start
of the page when the page is loaded and when we have any updates.
So now when we run we should find yet we get the styles applied as well on the initial set up.
So now all that remains is our Javascript.
And this is you might have gathered is going to be slightly more complicated than applying the CSSA.
So what we can do is just add a script tag here you can feel free to try it and it might even work in
some browsers but it definitely doesn't work in the version of crime that I'm working with here and
that's primarily for security reasons running Javascript within an I-frame is not considered ideal and
in fact if you were making this site live and allowing people to actually use it you'd want to be very
careful about what javascript they were allowed to run here because there are potentially ways to start
running code on your server through a site like this.
If you did have a project that did something like that and you wanted to do it securely there's plenty
of help out there.
Google something like run javascript in I-frame securely or something like that.
The main thing is to bear in mind that executing javascript that your users can edit in an I-frame on
your server is a little bit risky and you should take some security precautions.
All right so first off how do we execute this javascript at all.
What if we just wanted to run some random javascript that the user has entered.
This is something that we haven't done before.
So let's try searching for something like run a javascript string something like that because essentially
what we've got is a string and we want to run it as javascript's.
OK that avowe function looks like it does what we need
OK then tested.
So if owl just evaluates a string of javascript
fabulous that looks like it could be very useful for us.
So let's try adding that to our update outputs.
Function so well just now.
And the thing we want to evaluate is the contents of the JavaScript panel so let's get those.
I will select the javascript panel and get the value
right.
And that actually did nothing.
Why is that.
Ah yes you can see.
You may spotted my deliberate mistake there I forgot to close the double quotes on my javascript alert
function.
So let's try that again.
There we go.
Right.
So we're running our javascript which is great but we're not quite done yet because we're running the
javascript on the original site at the moment and we want to run it in the I-frame.
That was something like an alert that doesn't make any difference but if the user actually wanted to
update or do something with the contents of that I-frame then that wouldn't work here because we're
running the javascript in the original page not within the I-frame.
So we need to run the javascript code on the I-frame itself.
Again that's something that we haven't done before.
Let's see if we can figure out how to do it.
I think we're going to be using the evolved command.
So let's try yvel javascript within I-frame something like that.
OK that first one looks pretty promising.
Any way of getting javascript injected into an I-frame without removing and reappointing it.
That is indeed what we want today.
OK so this is looking promising we can take the I-frame and look at the content window.
So looking at that we can get the I-frame we can already do that.
We then get the French content window which is I wind in this example and then we apply the Evaluate
function to that OK.
That looks like just what we want to see.
So let's do it using good old fashioned
javascript I-frame have an ID of output panel so we can use our old friend get element by id and then
I hash an output panel and then looking over here we want to use content
window to access the content window that the contents of the I-frame itself.
And then we want to evolve our code.
In fact we can just copy this
and that will do essentially the same as what we had before.
But it will evaluate the code within the I-frame itself not on the initial page.
And just before we run that mother might have made a mistake there confusing my query and javascript
which is very easily done with javascript here because we're getting an element by ID we don't need
to put the hash in we just put the ID itself in.
All right let's take a look around.
So our javascript is being run would be good to have confirmation that it is indeed being run inside
the I-frame.
So let's just quickly do that.
We could give our paragraph here an ID of paragraph and then we could edit our javascript code so that
it just changed the contents of the paragraph
instead of alerting something.
And then if that works we know that our javascript is being executed inside the I-frame.
So let's do that.
We want documents to get elements by ID.
The idea here is paragraph and then we want to change the HVM El to use my classic alternative.
Hello Rob.
All right.
So I've got that correct.
And it should update when I refresh.
It does indeed.
Fantastic.
So that's it.
We've achieved our objective.
We have a really quite nice looking site.
Pretty simple but it looks good we can toggle the HDMI SS javascript and output on and off as we want.
And then as soon as we update any of these the updates are immediately reflected in the output there.
Billiam So there's our code Pleyel.
As always I hope you manage to do most of that yourself and enjoy the process of putting it together.
This brings us to the end of the jay queery section.
So once again give yourself a pat on the back.
But brace yourself because we're soon going to find out how to make great looking Responsive Web sites.
That is ones that respond immediately to the user's screen size and display a different layout depending
on whether they're on their phone or tablet or their computer.
We're going to do that using a completely free framework called Bootstrap and that's all coming in the
next section.
See them.